Restrict expanded particle-wall contact search to convex boundary faces (#2079)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/parameters/dem/mesh.rst

    :width: 400

* ``expand particle-wall contact search`` enables adding the boundary faces of cells neighboring the boundary cell containing the particle, to the particle-wall contact search list. Only neighboring boundary faces that form a convex boundary with the current cell are added; non-convex boundary faces are excluded. The following figure illustrates this concept. When a particle is located in the red boundary cell, the boundary faces of its neighboring cells that form a convex boundary (shown in teal) are also considered during the particle-wall contact search. This is necessary because a particle whose centroid lies in the red cell can simultaneously contact both the boundary face of the current cell and that of a neighboring cell when the two faces form a convex boundary.

.. image:: images/expand_particle_wall.png
    :alt: Schematic
    :align: center

>     :width: 400

Reviewer: I think the image needs to be updated no?
It does not show the correct new definition of the wall expansion

> * ``expand particle-wall contact search`` enables adding the boundary faces of cells neighboring the boundary cell containing the particle, to the particle-wall contact search list. Only neighboring boundary faces that form a convex boundary with the current cell are added; boundary faces forming a non-convex boundary are excluded. The following figure illustrates this concept. When a particle is located in a boundary cell (shown in red), the boundary faces of neighboring cells that form a convex boundary with the current cell (neighboring cells shown in green) are also considered during the particle-wall contact search. This is necessary because a particle whose centroid lies within the red cell can simultaneously contact both the boundary face of the current cell and the boundary face of a neighboring cell when the two faces form a convex boundary. In contrast, boundary faces of neighboring cells that form a concave boundary (neighboring cells shown in orange) are not considered during the particle-wall contact search.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence is weird.  "of cells neighboring" ? 

Do you mean "enables adding the boundary faces of neighboring cells" ?

Author: I implemented Bruno's suggestion

> * ``expand particle-wall contact search`` enables adding the boundary faces of cells neighboring the boundary cell containing the particle, to the particle-wall contact search list. Only neighboring boundary faces that form a convex boundary with the current cell are added; boundary faces forming a non-convex boundary are excluded. The following figure illustrates this concept. When a particle is located in a boundary cell (shown in red), the boundary faces of neighboring cells that form a convex boundary with the current cell (neighboring cells shown in green) are also considered during the particle-wall contact search. This is necessary because a particle whose centroid lies within the red cell can simultaneously contact both the boundary face of the current cell and the boundary face of a neighboring cell when the two faces form a convex boundary. In contrast, boundary faces of neighboring cells that form a concave boundary (neighboring cells shown in orange) are not considered during the particle-wall contact search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``expand particle-wall contact search``  extends the boundary walls in a cell by appending the boundary walls of the neighboring cells to the particle-wall contact list.  This adds the boundary faces of the neighboring cells and allow particles to collide with boundary walls that are not faces of the cell in which they reside. Only neighboring boundary faces that form a convex boundary with the current cell are added; boundary faces forming a non-convex boundary are excluded. The following figure illustrates this concept. When a particle is located in a boundary cell (shown in red), the boundary faces of neighboring cells that form a convex boundary with the current cell (neighboring cells shown in green) are also considered during the particle-wall contact search. This is necessary because a particle whose centroid lies within the red cell can simultaneously contact both the boundary face of the current cell and the boundary face of a neighboring cell when the two faces form a convex boundary. In contrast, boundary faces of neighboring cells that form a concave boundary (neighboring cells shown in orange) are not considered during the particle-wall contact search.
```
